Embedded Building Light Scheduler 
Light scheduler allows us to set the time at which lights for a huge building like an university or an entire MNC can be operated. 
An individual could control the schedule of light controlling by a graphic user interface enabled on a raspberry pi. Apart from this by using PIL sensor, the lights can be controlled only by human motion in a room. 
The previously proposed light scheduler is precisely meant for home automation for a weekly schedule. This limits the building size for which propose the concept of a embedded building light scheduler, with this
the option of automatic mode is also proposed that would turn the light on/off depending if a human enters or leaves a room.


Embedded E-Gate
E-Gate uses the technology of facial recognition and fingerprint recognition to verify a person’s identity priorly at an airport. 
We would try to implement a cost-effective e-gate that could perform the same operations using python and raspberry pi.
In places like government gatherings, immigration purposes, criminal background checks this is an extremely efficient way of recording 
the data. 
The data will be stored in cloud and as per the requirement of the organization’s  task , it shall be verified. 
Using Raspberry pi, many different functionalities can be added on the project like -- sound sample recording,iris recognition.
Smaller Organizations can use this to store their employees vital information in a smaller budget when compared to systems available 
that are much higher in cost. 


IoT based Server Temperature Monitor 
A server temperature monitor is a device that raises alerts as and when the temperature of the server room goes beyond the 
threshold and could be a potential threat.
The alert sends a notification to the concerned person’s mobile and email. 
Depending on the extent to which the temperature is varied , a notification is also sent to the team that could 
immediately take steps to prevent any massive damages to the server room. 
All the previous available systems for server temperature monitor are very expensive. We intend to make a server monitor 
in a much more economical budget, so that even smaller startups and companies can make use of it. 


